 It's good to be here with you this morning. It's nice and cold outside, which I like. If you have your Bibles, please turn with me to Matthew 1. We're going to pick up where we left off last week. We started in Matthew 1, verse 1. We talked through the genealogy of Jesus. And so this week we are continuing on in Matthew's gospel. I read a study this past week that half of children born in America now are born outside of wedlock. So that's a pretty historical number that half now is outside of wedlock. And that's not because there are single mothers everywhere. That's not why. A lot of people these days are just choosing to cohabitate and just say no to marriage altogether. So what you have really is generationally American saying we just don't want that. And this article is kind of talking about it when pastor noted on it how cohabitation and marriage they kind of look like the same thing but they're not the same thing at all. Because in cohabitation you're living with someone and you're doing life with someone. But really there's a freedom there to back out when you want. You're not really totally committed but in marriage you're making the vows and you're saying no matter what everything that you are I'm committed to it until the very end until death do we part as we say in our marriage vow. So marriage is a very serious full commitment. And while we may be saying generationally today is America is like I don't want to make that kind of commitment. I want like my secret license to kind of pull out if I need to. Matthew's not going to let us do that in reference to Jesus. He's not going to let us do that in reference to the gospel. Last week we said Jesus alone. He's got this very unique life. Jesus has a very different human life than any other human. Jesus uniquely is worth watching. Jesus is uniquely worth following. But Matthew's saying make sure you know what you're saying when you say you follow Jesus. To follow Jesus at arm's length to follow Jesus at a comfortable distance Matthew's going to argue is not following Jesus at all. If you really want to follow Jesus Matthew's saying you're going to have to buy into the whole thing. It's going to be like this very real full commitment. So make sure like you know what you're getting yourself into. That's what Matthew's doing. So Matthew's like going like right for the heart of it. He's starting in this very difficult place for us to really believe in except the script she's starting with this account of the supernatural birth of Jesus. Are we willing to own friends not some of Christ? Are we willing to commit to not what we like about Christ and Christianity? But can we own the whole thing? That's Matthew's I think challenge and thrown us in the deep end with this account of the supernatural birth. So we'll be in Matthew chapter 1 verse 18. I'm going to start reading for us there. Now the birth of Jesus Christ took place in this way. When his mother Mary had been patrolled to Joseph before they came together she was found to be with child from the Holy Spirit. And her husband Joseph being a just man and unruly to put her to shame, resolved to divorce her quietly. But as he considered these things, behold an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream, saying Joseph son of David do not fear to take Mary as your wife. For that which is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit, she will bear a son. And you shall call his name Jesus for he will save his people from their sins. All this took place to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet. The whole the Virgin shall conceive in bear a son and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which means God with us. When Joseph woke from sleep he did as the angel of the Lord commanded him. He took his wife but knew her not until she had given birth to a son and he called his name Jesus. So Mary most likely she's probably 13 to 15 years old. This is what scholars would think. That would be a normal betrothal period for a girl in ancient Israel, 13 to 15 years old. And betrothal is not like what you and I think of when we think about like engagements. Like today if somebody makes an engagement that's yay exciting, it's wonderful. But someone can break off an engagement as easily as they make it. Like that wouldn't be a big deal to hear about. Oh such and such was engaged and they call it off whatever life moves on. That's not betrothal. So 21st century engagements very different from ancient Israel, betrothals. In a betrothal you were bound. If you were betrothed you were as good as Mary. You just hadn't had a ceremony yet to like celebrate it, like move in together as a family. You start building a family. You were legally bound to that person no matter what. So really if you're going to break off an engagement in ancient Israel you have to have a really significant reason to do it. You'd have to get the law involved, you'd have to divorce the person. It wasn't a simple let's make this and break this kind of thing. It's a big deal and it seems like from Joseph's perspective there's a really good reason that I should consider divorcing this woman. Where it gets out that Mary is with child. Doesn't say how it gets out but where it gets out. And so Joseph hears that this girl he's betrothed to who's supposed to be virgin is pregnant. And so before we consider Joseph in his response I want us actually to consider first Mary. How did Mary discover that she was pregnant and how did she respond to it? If you would turn with me over to Luke's Gospel, Matthew Mark Luke, Luke chapter 1 verse 26. That's where we have a most descriptive account of how Mary heard and discovered of her pregnancy. So looking in verse 26 it says in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God to a city of Gowling named Nazareth to a virgin, betrothed to a man whose name was Joseph of the house of David. And the virgin's name was Mary and he came to her and said greetings, oh favored one. The Lord is with you. She was greatly troubled at the saying and tried to discern what sort of greeting this might be. And the angel said to her, do not be afraid Mary, for you have found favor with God and behold you will conceive in your womb in Bear's Son and you will call his name Jesus. He will be great and will be called the son of the most high. And the Lord God will give to him the throne of his father David and he will reign over the house of Jacob forever. And of his kingdom there will be no end. And Mary said to the angel, how will this be since I am a virgin? And the angel answered her, the Holy Spirit will come upon you and the power of the most high will overshadow you. Therefore the child to be born will be called holy the son of God. So the angel comes to Mary and says, hey Mary greetings. The Lord is with you. And it's pretty reasonable. She is greatly troubled and she is discerning inwardly. What is going on here? Is this a good thing? Is this a bad thing? Am I in trouble? What's up? And the angel says, hey don't freak out. You found favor with God. It's the Greek word, carous. It's great. So it's unmarried favor. The angel saying, hey you are being shown unmarried favor by God. You have a child within you. You are going to bear son and you are going to name him salvation. That's what Jesus means. You are going to name him salvation. And he is going to be the son of the most high. Now Mary is a Jewish girl. Her hearing some of the most high. That term most high. That's equal with the one true God of the Jews. So that's littered throughout the Old Testament. So to hear most high what she just heard is, I'm going to have the Jewish Messiah like in me. This is the one true God over the Jews, over the Gentiles. Whether the Gentiles know it or not. That's going to be my son. And the angel further validates. He says, yeah he's going to sit on the throne of his father David. So now last week we talked in depth about that term son of David. Remember there was the fall in the garden and then God said, hey, a seed is going to come and eventually it became clear with Abraham. And somebody has come from Abraham and blessed the nations. And they got clear with David. And so, okay, now we know whoever comes this Jewish Messiah is going to sit on the throne of David and have a perpetual kingdom of righteousness. So we're really looking forward to that Messiah coming. So this is a big deal for Mary. She's running through her head like all these stories. She's like ever heard growing up about this Messiah who's come in the most high God. And now she's told, hey, you're going to carry that child. Friends, that's a lot to throw on a twinager, isn't it? Like that's a lot of news to get like in a dream one night. But the angel stacks it on top of that. Because she has this like pretty reasonable response. Like I'm kind of like I'm a virgin. So how's that going to happen? Right? That means it's a reasonable thing to say. And the angel does not say what we maybe would think he would say. Well, hey, you're getting ready to marry Joseph. And Joseph is in the line in lineage of David. So there you go that works out. That's not what the angel says. The angel says, well, the Holy Spirit's going to come upon you. And the power of most high is going to overshadow you. What does that mean? What means a lot? And I want to throw up two theological terms for us this morning. We can handle them. It's going to be good. Two theological terms. Incarnation. God, that was not so bad. If you want to write down you can. The second one, it's bigger, but it's OK. It's the hypostatic union. OK, you're OK. We can handle it. So the incarnation in the hypostatic union. What is the hypostatic union? Because the angel in precious few words just said this to Mary. Well, here's the hypostatic union. Jesus as a person has two natures. He has a full and complete God nature. Jesus also has a full and complete human nature. Jesus is not kind of like God or kind of like a human. Jesus is 100% human. And he's 100% God. He is co-equal with God the Father. He is, as the Nicene Creed says, very God of very God. Jesus himself said, I am. So in the Old Testament, the I am, that was God. Jesus said, I am. So Jesus is fully and completely God is God the Father is. But for instance, he's also in this his paramount for us to believe he is our savior who is fully human. As theologian Paul ends notes, if Jesus wasn't fully human, the death, his death on the cross, was in illusion. So Jesus is just like Adam, only perfect. He's without sin. So understand why that makes Jesus unique. Jesus is uniquely human in that he alone can be the atoning sacrifice for our sins. But because Jesus is God, he can resist sin and Satan in a way that you and I can't. That makes him our savior. Jesus is the God man. It's the hypostatic union. You should love that. Truths. And so what's the incarnation? Well, the incarnation is simply what we read. The Holy Spirit passed over Mary to bring about the hypostatic union. So those are truths that we love. Christ is not just like, I'm going to cover up my Godhood in like fake skin to trick everybody. He actually assumed humanity in addition to his divinity. Now friends, church fathers, theologians have been writing volumes on those doctrines for centuries. And that's a lot for me and like that little blip of time. Like let me explain that really quick to you, like these really big terms. After telling Mary quickly, hey, you're going to carry the Son of David, the angel in like a few words, and he's not even willing to throw out some theological terms, he drops that on Mary. You're going to have the Son of David, Holy Spirit's going to pass over you. You okay with that? It's a lot to drop on a twin-age girl. I mean, can we be honest about that? And what's incredible is her response. She does not say, could you like write out theological treaties for me so I can like process through this? Or hey, I don't understand that. Can you like help me like grasp that? Or can I have some time to like process that and like think that over? It's really not what she says at all. And she doesn't even just say, okay. Mary says the most incredible thing about that. Mary says the most incredible thing she could say. Mary says, it do. It do. It do is a Greek interjection. It's like behold. Hey, look at that. Stop. It's an emotional response to raise awareness that something's happening. What Mary says is behold. I'm a doulos. I'm a slave of the Lord. Not even. It's just servant, but it's not servant like I sweep your floors and I do your dishes. It connotates like slavery and submission. Mary says behold, I am a slave of the Lord. The Word of the Lord, I believe that despite what Mary may or may not fully and completely understand. I think in discerning friends are we willing to own and commit to the full Christ? I think that's one thing Matthew draws out this morning for us to consider. We must believe the Word of the Lord, especially when we don't understand. We must believe the Word of the Lord, especially when we don't understand because our Christian faith, it doesn't rest on what we see or know by evidence, but the faith we have in love preferred evidence. If it didn't, faith in Christ, faith in the written Word of God, faith in the leadership of the Holy Spirit, it wouldn't be faith at all wood. The essence of faith is what I believe, despite what other people around me believe, despite what I fully get and understand, but rather what is the conviction of my soul, despite what people believe, despite what I always understand, and the Hebrew writer, he spells it out best in Hebrews 11 verse 1. It says now faith is the assurance of things hoped for. Faith, it's a conviction. It means no matter what, it's here that I believe it's the conviction of things not seen for by the people of old receive their commendation. So you see it play out in Abraham's life in the Old Testament. As much as you're seeing it play out for Mary. So look at Romans chapter 4 verse 19. Paul brings this to light with Abraham. It says he did not weaken in faith when he considered his own body, which was as good as dead, since he was about 100 years old, or when he considered the beariness of Sarah's womb, no unbelief made him waver concerning the promise of God, but he grew strong in his faith as he gave glory to God, fully convinced that God was able to do what he had promised. So Abraham has no verifiable evidence he's going to have a son, does he? The evidence actually points in the opposite direction. He's old. He's a crap it. And as wife is, and she's bearing, the evidence says, you're totally not going to have a son. Abraham has nothing but a word to go on. All he has is the simple word that the Lord has spoken to believe, and it was enough for Abraham. And friends, that's supernatural. That's amazing to see it in Mary. That's amazing to see that in Abraham, because you and I, as sinful creatures in the fall in line of Adam, we only cannot believe the word of God. Like we hate to do that. I don't want to believe God's word in the garden. God said in Genesis chapter 2 verse 16, and we looked at this last week, and the Lord commanded the man saying, you may surely eat of every tree of the garden. But of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil, you shall not eat for in the day that you eat of it, you shall surely die. That's God's word to them. So the great sin was not eating the fruit. That was wrong for them to eat the fruit. But that wasn't the first in chief. Sin, the first in chief sin was the pride of disbelieving that God's word could be taken at face value, instead they believed a different word. And friends, because we're in the line of Adam and Eve, we've inherited that same problem. I struggle to believe God's word no matter what. And when we're honest about it, here's what we chose to do in the garden. Not so much believe God's word isn't believable. What we chose to do is believe God's character isn't credible. When you hear someone say a word, you take the person into account. Words don't speak themselves. Words don't proceed from themselves. They proceed from a person, right? The Bible says the overflow of the heart is what comes out of the mouth. And this is really what Jesus is talking about and His sermon on the mount when He talks about oaths. And we'll get there in several weeks. Jesus said, hey, you've heard it said don't swear falsely. I'm saying to you, don't even take any oaths anymore. Let your yes be, yes in your no be. No. What Jesus was saying was your credibility, your character, should be so impeccable as one of my followers, that when you say a word, it's entirely believable from the bad. People don't have to go, I don't know, you better put your name down that piece of paper because I know you said that, but also know your character. So friends, Jesus is saying we have to be called into that kind of life. But friends, if that's what Jesus is proclaiming to us, how much more impeccable and perfect is the character of God when we actually consider it? Numbers chapter 23 verse 19 says, God is not man that He should lie, or a son of man that He should change his mind, has He said, and will He not do it? Or has He spoken, and will He not fulfill it? And then James chapter 1 verse 17 says, every good and perfect gift is from above, coming down from the father of lights with whom there is no variation or shadow due to change. God is good and He doesn't change, which means His character in His Word are always good, they never change, so God is always and ultimately believable despite what we understand. So Christianity then, it is not anti-intellectual. It is not for like simple-minded, ignorant, stupid people who can't think or won't think. Quite the opposite. Consider what Solomon says in Proverbs chapter 1 verse 7. He says, the fear of the Lord, that's the beginning of knowledge. Fulls despise was an instruction. So in other words, when I fear God's character, I am saying I recognize my place in the universe, not as an infinite creature, but as a finite creature. Remember last week we established God created us to be dependence on Him. So when I fear the Lord, I recognize my place, not as someone who is supposed to get and understand everything. I'm in the posture of someone who's been called to submit and believe everything the Lord speaks to me, because the Lord is good to me always in His character, it's true, and it's trustworthy. And really what we're talking about is the posture of a child. The posture of a child. When you see a child, trust their parent. They don't trust their parent because they're stupid and dumb. They trust their parent because they're a child and children trust their parent. It's not about whether they're stupid or smart. It's about a love relationship in which the parent is trusted, because you could play it on the opposite side. You could come across a child that's been from an abusive home, an alcoholic parent, that child most likely has trust issues. The idea of taking someone at their word is highly unlikely. So Jesus is saying, if you want to come into my kingdom, you're going to have to just accept my word, not because of your dumb or your stupid, but because the father, he loves you, and you should trust his character in Christ is showing that to us. So friends, let me ask you this. If God's word is sure, because his character is sure, should we not continually be in a state of saturating ourselves in the word of God, so that we would know the character of God, not forget the character of God, and ourselves actually live out in heaven, ourselves the character of God. It's our chosen distance from the Lord, from His word, that keeps us doubting His goodness, forgetting who He is. Our decision to walk away from the word of God, that keeps us airing and deleting that God is good, and He loves us, and there's forgiveness of sins in Jesus. What is your commitment to word saturation? And it's important, it's a word of a lot of reasons, it's important because the world's constantly going to tell you, don't believe God, don't believe His word. Your flesh constantly says, you don't believe that word, make up your own word. Inside the walls of the church today, there are so many unbiblical ideologies and heresies. How will you protect your own church inside the walls when you don't know the word and character of the one true God? So word saturation, for instance, is all important, first to remember and believe the one God who deserves to be believed. And it's practical. It's not spacey for people that are like theological nerds, and I'm reading about the hypostatic union all the time. That's not what we're talking about. When I think about my marriage to my wife, it's, yeah, it's special, and in a biblical sense, it's mystical in the sense that we're considered one flesh in the eyes of God. But guess what? If I want to have a healthy marriage, I take some practical steps. I build time in my schedule to take care of my wife, to love her. I build just practical times where we can talk together. I pray for her. It comes down to the practicality of the life I live. And so it comes down to that for you, it's good to hear sermons. We should like come, like hear the word of God, but in your day to day life, what does it look like to know this word and be saturated in Christ? That's the decision you have to make if you plan on believing the word otherwise you won't. So supernatural birth of Christ, can we own that whole thing? Let's go back to verse 20 in Matthew chapter 1. I'm getting a Joseph here. And it says, but as he considered these things behold, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in a dream saying, Joseph, son of David, do not fear to take Mary as your wife. For that which is conceived in her is from the Holy Spirit. She will bear a son and you shall call his name Jesus. You shall call his name Jesus. For he will save his people from their sins. All this took place to fulfill what the Lord had spoken by the prophet, behold, a virgin shall conceive and bear a son and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which means God with us. When Joseph woke from sleep, he did as the angel of the Lord commanded him. He took his wife and you were not until she had given birth to his son and he called his name Jesus. So Joseph is both a righteous and a compassionate man and you see that in the way that he responds to the news of the pregnancy. Now the law allowed for Joseph to divorce Mary, which would have been the right thing to do for what she had done. It would have brought an incurable shame on her. She never would have got rid of. It would have made her just a public embarrassment for her family. Really worse than that, if you look at Deuteronomy chapter 22 verse 23, here's what the law would allow for. It says if there is a betrothed virgin and a man meets her in the city and lies with her, then you shall bring them both out to the gate of that city and you shall stone them to death with stones. The young woman, because she did not cropper, helped, though she was in the city and the man because he violated his neighbor's wife. So you shall purge the evil from your midst. So adultery again, it's not a game. It's a really big deal in ancient Israel. And Joseph knows that, but being both a zealous man who wants to obey the law, he's also compassionate. I'm just going to divorce this girl quietly. I don't want to bring her more shame than has to be brought to her. So as Joseph's considering these things, as he falls asleep, and the angel Lord comes to him and addresses him by his title, which is really important for what the angel is getting ready to say. Joseph, son of David. Son of David, don't be afraid to take Mary as your watch. Don't have any apprehensions about this. You shall have a son. He's going to be great. And you shall call him Jesus. You shall name him Jesus and he will save his people from their sins. Now it made sense for Mary to name her son Jesus, because it was more or more real since it was her son. Joseph has absolutely no connection to Jesus whatsoever. In no way it's Jesus, Joseph's biological child, at all. Here's the thing. If Joseph chooses to marry Mary, he is of in effect saying, I'm going to be your husband and I'm going to legally own your child. So by Jesus agreeing to, or Joseph agreeing to name Jesus with Mary, in effect, that makes Jesus the legal son of David. It brings them into the house of David, which is incredible. So in this way, the God-man becomes this son of David that we've always, long for, the son of David, we've always needed. And he even links it back to the prophecy. Like, this is a manual. This is God with us. But again, notice what Joseph does not do or say. He does not say, hey, I'm Joseph that's got a just reputation. And you know, if I marry her, people are going to think that I did that before we got married. And you know, they're going to think I don't care about the law. And like, we knock boots like before or wedding night. And that's going to look really bad on me. Or you know, like, if I marry her, people are going to think I didn't like, you know, love the law enough to divorce her. And I'm married to this like, flusy girl. So there's like a lot of shame in that angel. Like, I've got my own reputation to think about. There are some personal repercussions for doing that. None of that. It says he woke up and he married her. Didn't think about himself. He woke up and he wed Mary. Second thing, I think Matthew yells at us this morning, friends, if we're going to really commit to the whole Christ, we've got to obey the word of the Lord immediately, especially when it's difficult. Obey the word of the Lord immediately, especially when it's difficult. Because the kind of obedience God requires of us, it's often trying in hard. And why is it have to be that way? Why is obedience going to have to be so hard? Well, because just as you and our disinclined to believe the word of the Lord, we're no more inclined to obey the word of the Lord. We're sinful people in a sinful world. And yes, we've come to Christ. And yes, we've been made new in the Spirit. All the saying to live as a citizen of heaven on earth is hard. Because our sinful flesh is always saying, no, don't act like that. And the world's saying, don't act like that. So when I obey the Lord, it's always going to hurt. It's always going to be painful to push against who I was before I came to Christ. Push against the world that hates in His absence of Christ. And the Hebrew writer again, he raises up Noah and Moses as really good examples of this. If you see it again in Hebrews chapter 11, verse 7, it says, by faith, Noah being worn by God concerning events as yet unseen, events unseen, in reverent fear, he did something. He didn't just believe he did something. He constructed an ark. How silly would you feel constructing an ark for a flood of the end of the world, supposed to come in your building this thing over decades? He constructed an ark for the saving of his household. And by this, he condemned the world and became an era of the righteous sense that comes by faith. And then we see Moses in 1124. By faith, Moses, when he was grown up, he refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter, choosing rather to be mistreated with the people of God than to enjoy the fleeting pleasures of sin. And he considered the reproach of Christ greater wealth than the treasures of Egypt for he was looking to the reward. So genuine faith, and you see it in Noah, you see it in Moses, it will always produce a very real genuine obedience. Genuine faith gives birth to genuine obedience. It's the proof of the faith. And here we say this to you this morning, it's not a question of raw willpower. I'm really going to obey God. I'm going to do this. Friends, when you not live in raw willpower for God, it's short lived. It's got varying degrees of intensity. It always flows out of an impure place and it ends in a mess. It's like God says at the end time and all things are tested, it will burn up like wood, stubble, and hey, so you and I can never, as one preacher says, we can never white knuckle obedience. I'm just going to bear down. I can't do it. There's one thing that causes us to really obey God. And that is an implanted love for God. Only out of my love for God could I ever dare in this sinful flesh obey God. It was the Apostle Paul who said, I have the desire to do what's right. But I don't have the ability to carry it out. Real obedience as painful and difficult as it is. We could say with Jesus, it is a daily dying to oneself. Jesus says, take up your cross. Take up that thing that's designed to kill you and follow me. Obedience is painful but friends that overflows from a heart of love for the one true God who deserves my obedience. Jesus says it in John chapter 14, verse 15, if you love me, here's how you know, if you really love me, you ready to hear it? This is it. Here's the only reason you look, you keep my commandments. Do you obey me? Okay, you love me. If you don't obey me, guess what? You don't really love me. And that's not Jesus being harsh and can you do it? It's just a simple matter of fact. Friends, when we experience the love of God, the only reason we're ever going to love God back is because we have seen this one true God and we desire Him more than the fleeting pleasures of sin. We desire it more than the approval of this world. We want the commendation that comes only from God. We want the eternal kingdom of God and it's worth losing ourselves over. It's worth losing this world over. How fitting in Joseph, this last son of David, before the one true David, we see the obedience that Christ Himself will perfect. Nate St. who was a missionary, he was martyred by the Aukka Indians, along with Jim Elliott. And Nate St. once said, his life did not change until he came to grips with the idea that obedience is not a momentary option. It is a die cast decision made beforehand. Die cast, that's an interesting way to put it. I don't go through my day, determined, will I or won't I obey? No, it's either just the shape of who I am or am not as I live my life. Obedience isn't something for me to decide if I want to do it or not. It either is or is not who I am. And I think we can like read about like a missionary, oh not so awesome, they died for Jesus and they spilled their blood and that's so cool. And like we hold them way up here, but is it worth even idolizing or talking about how cool it would be to spill our blood for Jesus when the reality is, are we going to be obedient in the small and hardest places of life? Because friends, the truth of it is God may not call all of us to fly across the other side of the world and be obedient and lay our lives down and spill our blood in some painful way. He's probably just calling us like love our children and we'll be patient. He's probably calling me to put the needs of my life before my own. He's probably calling me just to bear the fruits of the spirit and be a patient, loving kind of person that looks like Jesus and cares for my neighbor and I care for the marginalized and I care for the poor and I'm willing to pray without ceasing and I share the gospel with people that don't know it and I'm just living in Christ's center of community. So if I'm not willing to do obedience in like the more drudge like boring parts of life, I'm probably not willing to do it in the bigger, more romantic places that we read about in books. And again, that's good, but the question is are you willing to be obedient where it's most difficult and hard and friends, that's in everyday life? Amen. So praise God when people achieve heroic feats for the sake of the gospel, but it is no small matter to be a follower of Christ and you're non-to-file life. Friends, that's the place where Jesus will hold you accountable someday. So in the life you are actually living, are you living in obedience despite the pain and the suffering and what it costs you in day to day life? It's a real obedience that flows from a very real faith in God. So can we really make a commitment, friends, not at arm-linked distance, not at like 30,000 feet? Like a Jesus who we're comfortable with, like a Jesus that I can like pick and choose what I want to believe about him, a Jesus I can pick and choose, like the kind of situations I do or don't want to be in that he would put me in. I just want it to make sense to me, I want it to be easy, like I want it to just kind of compliment my life, like just salt and pepper on it. It's not that serious, it's good, I need it, I like it, I could do without it, but I just want to make it my own thing. Can we get past that? I don't know, it's your life, so I think it's something for you to decide. It is your life and you will have to choose to whom you commit it, for whom you live, for what purpose you live. But I want to remind you, maybe if you've never made your decision, I think it's very interesting that all the prophetic passages that the angel could have referenced, and there are bajillion, and the Old Testament about the Jesus who has come, he chooses a manual, God with us, a manual, God with us, like Joseph, this is how this is going to happen, and he's going to be a manual, God with us. From Jesus, he did not choose to stay armed, slink distance from you, Jesus interposed himself in the very mess of our humanity. Jesus did not send a messenger, Jesus as the God-man came, and with his life face to face, he showed us the character of God. He said, this is what it looks like to be a trustworthy person. This is what it looks like to really be a lab. This is the God you lost in the garden. Christ showed us God's trustworthiness in the life that he lived. Christ came and face to face. He showed us the love of God, and that while we were still sinners, Christ died for the ungodly. Christ climbed up on the cross and bled, and he died in embarrassing us so we could see face to face, the God who loved us. So there is no arms, links, distance, relationship with Jesus. That's not really on offer. For Christ is calling you to come right here, to know Him, to follow Him, to have all of Him as He has all of you. Christ said, abiding, I mean, you'll bear much fruit. It is this very intimate life where we are known, and we know, and we love, and we are loved, and we are filled with the Spirit of God and is eternally satisfying, and it is worth the suffering, and is worth not understanding all the time to have this life that Jesus Christ afforded to us by His perfect life, death, and resurrection on the cross. So, a friend of Jesus is this far away from you. I say to you, He might as well be a million miles from you. Christ is calling you to get this close to Him, to know Him, to love Him, to live for Him. I beg you, and I implore you, if this is the kind relationship you have with Jesus and His church, Jesus has come close, come close, and you'll find real life, real life. So, that's the Jesus again that we're following here in Matthew's Gospel. That's the Jesus we're following in the New Testament. Let's pray. There's no one like you, God, not in heaven, not on earth, not under earth. Christ is before all things, Christ is after all things, in Christ all things are held together. Lord, would you do a work that only you spirit can do to break down the callus in us, Lord, a callus that is cold to the truth of the Gospel that Jesus Christ came to show us the face of God, to show us His love, to show us His character, to be our friend, to be our shepherd, King, who loves us, and takes care of us, to give us life as He designed us to have real human life in Him. Lord, would you show us in convictus, there is no life outside of Jesus. Lord, in living our lives, in working, Lord, all of it is empty and it's avoid if it's not filled with knowing Jesus. Oh, God, we want to know Jesus. Help us know Jesus. Reveal Jesus to us. Make Jesus our all in all our power, God. Convictus, Lord. We love the things of the flesh, and we're quite content here, and if we could just hit the repeat button, we'd just keep living like humans on this sinful earth forever, and we've found happiness and possessions, and we've found happiness and things that don't satisfy, or let us be entirely unsatisfied if it's not Jesus that we have. Thank you for your love. Thank you for your grace. Thank you for your mercy. Thank you that in all things we can say, God, you are good. In all things we can say it as well with our soul because you've loved us and you keep us. And I'll say to you this morning, if you're here, and maybe you don't have a very strong relationship with Jesus, their church, friends, there's no better time to know Christ than the moment you're in. You don't know that you'll have five minutes from now, you don't know that you'll have ten minutes from now. You have this moment. You have this moment to repent of your sins and tell Jesus you surrendered to Him. You have this moment to place faith in Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior. You have this moment to ask Jesus to lead you on into eternal joy. It is not God's desire that any should perish and suffer ever lasting hell. He invites you now to receive His one perfect Savior Jesus. So this morning, if you need to talk more about what it means to follow Christ, I'll be in the back, there'll be others. If you need to repent this morning, I'm encouraged to repent and turn your heart back to God as we worship. Father, we love you and we praise the name of your Son Jesus. Pray that in His name. Amen. Let's stand in worship together.